=for diagnostics
start description

=head1 CHARNAMES DIAGNOSTICS

These are the diagnostics that can be triggered by the
C<charnames> pragmatic module

=over 4

=for diagnostics
start items

=item Unknown charname '%s'

The character name you specified is not a valid one. Please
refer to the Unicode database.

=item Character 0x%s with name '%s' is above 0xFF

When the C<bytes> pragma is in effect, you cannot use
a character above 0xFF. 

=item `use charnames' needs explicit imports list

The C<charnames> pragmatic module does not import anything
by default. You must specify at least one script name, or
the special labels C<:full> or C<:short>.

=item charnames::viacode() expects one numeric argument

The C<charnames::viacode()> function converts a numeric code into
a symbolic character name. Therefore, it uses only one argument,
and this arg must be numeric. Why send an alphabetic arg, or
more than one arg? If you want to convert several code points,
use a loop or a C<map>.

=item unexpected arg \"%s\" to charnames::viacode()

To be completed

=item Unicode characters only allocated up to 0x10FFFF (you asked for %s)";

The current version of the Unicode Standard defines character points
up to code point C<0x10FFFF>. Higher numbers correspond to no
characters.

=item charnames::vianame() expects one name argument

The C<charnames::vianame()> function converts a symbolic character
name into a numeric code. Therefore, it uses only one argument. Why
send more than one arg? If you want to convert several character
names, use a loop or a C<map>.

=back

